the most explosive part of the interview
with the times was when Trump lashed out
at his own Attorney General Jeff
Sessions he said that if he'd known Jeff
Sessions were gonna recuse himself from
the Russia investigation he wouldn't
have hired him Jeff Sessions you may
recall was forced to recuse himself back
in March because he had two undisclosed
meetings with Russians during the
campaign when he was an advisor to Trump
which obviously was the right thing to
do
you can't investigate something you
might have been a part of so he stepped
aside and now this sessions Russia stuff
has been swirling around for months but
I wonder how closely people pay
attention so we went outside to ask
people on the street what the Attorney
General should do about Jeff Sessions
okay of course Jeff Sessions is the
Attorney General but did anyone know
that let's find out in tonight's edition
of Eyewitness News
[Music]
[Applause]
the Attorney General should do about
Jeff Sessions ties to Russia oh my god
I think that we need to cut all ties to
Russia right that's right yeah what do
you think the Attorney General should do
about Jeff Sessions ties to Russia um I
definitely think he should see what's up
with that maybe submit a few inquiries
what do you think the Attorney General
should do about Jeff Sessions his ties
to Russia I think he should try to get
him to tell more about what he knew and
why did it come forward to her and about
that what would you say if I told you
that Jeff Sessions and the Attorney
General are the same person that made
things
do you believe Jeff Sessions when he
says he's more loyal to the confederacy
of dunces than to Russia yeah you do
and who is Jeff Sessions I'm tired I
guess under uh under any from Russia who
is Jeff Sessions Jeff Sessions is that
the guy that he's been
for talking about Trump doing this and
that and he doing what he wants to do
stuff like that yeah and you know what
his specific role in the government is
is he a part of the governor in Russia
yeah I have no idea who Jeff Sessions is
do you have any idea who the Attorney
General is I thought that was Jeff
Sessions it is
[Applause]
okay I'd like to thank my father who
forced me to watch CNN growing up
against my own will
getting your dad's proud Oh probably not
know I'm wearing a red red shirt on TV
[Music]
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy